Add support for `User.delete()`. (#957)
realm/realm-kotlin: CHANGELOG.md

### Enhancements
* Added support for `UUID` through a new property type: `RealmUUID`.

> * [Sync] Add support for `User.delete()`, making it possible to delete user data on the server side (Issue [#570](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/570)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Sync] Add support for `User.delete()`, making it possible to delete user data on the server side (Issue [#957](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/pull/957)).
```
